Review section for ComboBox control. (#610)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/combobox/editmode-and-search.md

---
title: Edit Mode & Search
page_title: .NET MAUI ComboBox Documentation - Edit Mode & Search

> description: Learn more about the edit mode and search functionalities in Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox control.

Reviewer: Use the definite article.

position: 4
slug: combobox-editmode-and-search
---

# .NET MAUI ComboBox Edit Mode & Search

> ComboBox supports both `editable` and `non editable` state. When the control is in edit mode, users can type into the input field and searching through the control's ItemsSource can be performed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ComboBox supports both the `editable` and `non editable` states. When the control is in edit mode, users can type into the input field and search through the control's ItemsSource. 
```

This topic describes in details the configuration options related to the editable state of the ComboBox as well as its searching capabilities.

## Edit Mode

* `IsEditable`(`bool`)&mdash;Defines whether typing into the input area can be performed. The default value is `false`.
* `SearchTextPath`(`string`)&mdash;Defines the name of the property against which the searching will be performed. The property is usable when the control is in edit mode (`IsEditable` is `true`). 

> * `OpenOnFocus`(`bool`)&mdash;Specifies whether the dropdown will show as soon as the control is focused. The property is usable when the control is in edit mode (`IsEditable` is `true`).  The default value is `true`. If the property is `false` when the control is focused the drop-down will no longer open.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `OpenOnFocus`(`bool`)&mdash;Specifies whether the dropdown will show as soon as the control is focused. The property is usable when the control is in edit mode (`IsEditable` is `true`).  The default value is `true`. If the property is `false` when the control is focused, the drop-down will no longer open.
```

> * `Text`(`string`)&mdash;Specifies the Text of the control. This is the Text that gets visualized when the control is editable or when its non-editable and the selection mode is single.

Reviewer: Don't replace "it is" randomly with "its" or "it's". Replacing "it is" with "it's" will not improve the readability.

Remember:
* it is = it's
* its = possessive pronoun (негов, неин)

## Search

ComboBox provides both case-sensitive and case-insensitive searching modes. The following properties are exposed:

> - `SearchMode`(enumeration of type `Telerik.Maui.Controls.SearchMode`)&mdash;Defines the value that sets search sets some search criteria for the control. The available options are: `Contains`, `StartsWith`, `ContainsCaseSensitive` and `StartsWithCaseSensitive`. The default SearchMode is `StartsWith`.

Reviewer: The first sentence is incorrect, it doesn't make sense. "Defines the value that sets search sets some search criteria for the control." Something is repeating or missing.
